[EDU-3889] feat: add guide - new template (#762)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/guides/index.mdx

- [How to deploy edge applications with the React Boilerplate](/en/documentation/products/guides/react-boilerplate/)
- [How to deploy edge applications with the Vue Boilerplate](/en/documentation/products/guides/vue-boilerplate/)
- [How to deploy the Edge Application Proxy template](/en/documentation/products/guides/edge-application-proxy-template/)

> - [How to deploy the XXXXXX template](/en/documentation/products/guides/XXXXXXXX/)

Author: ```suggestion
- [How to deploy the Dynamic and Static File Optimization template](/en/documentation/products/guides/XXXXXXXX/)
```

> - [How to deploy the Edge Application Proxy template](/en/documentation/products/guides/edge-application-proxy-template/)
> - [How to deploy the Dynamic and Static File Optimization template](/en/documentation/products/guides/dynamic-and-static-file-optimization-template/)

Author: ```suggestion
- [How to deploy the Dynamic and Static File Optimization template](/en/documentation/products/guides/dynamic-and-static-file-optimization-template/)
- [How to deploy the Edge Application Proxy template](/en/documentation/products/guides/edge-application-proxy-template/)
```
